Change prompt symbol and 'this is to' sentences (#5522)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/proof-of-concept-guide/detect-malware-yara-integration.rst

Configure your environment as follows to test the PoC.

> #. Add the following rules to the ``/var/ossec/etc/rules/local_rules.xml`` file at the Wazuh manager. This alerts about files added or modified in ``/tmp/yara/malware/`` directory at the Ubuntu 20 endpoint and to alert about malware being found there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add the following rules to the ``/var/ossec/etc/rules/local_rules.xml`` file at the Wazuh manager. These alert about files added or modified in ``/tmp/yara/malware/`` directory at the Ubuntu 20 endpoint and about malware being found there.
```

        </group>

> #. Add the following decoders to ``/var/ossec/etc/decoders/local_decoder.xml`` at the Wazuh manager. This extracts the information from Yara scan results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Add the following decoders to ``/var/ossec/etc/decoders/local_decoder.xml`` at the Wazuh manager. This extracts the information from the Yara scan results.
```
